So we remove the brisket.
Now I want to start boning it out,
but before I bone it out,
I actually want to skin it
so much like what we did with the ham,
if you saw that video.
Same principle applies.
We're just going to make
a couple of passes underneath the skin.
I don't really need my hand
near the process until I can take
some slack off of it.
And again, I want to keep as much fat
on the shoulder as possible,
so I'm going to be coming in
and making these nice, long,
fluid passes again.
Make sure we're removing all the skin,
and now we're going to bone it out,
so we do have
just where the separation
is of the scapula and the humerus.
What I want to do
is look for the seam in the muscles
that aligns with humerus bone
here, and it's this seam right here.
So what I like to do is
I'm going
to come in on the right side of it
and I'm removing this muscle
in particular here
that sits cradled right
beside this muscle here,
if we were talking about beef
that would be called the boulder blade,
that's a cut in the UK, but it's on pork,
so we won't worry about it so much.
And then I'm going to
come on the other side
and I'm just opening up that meat around
that humerus.
And whatever's left of the shoulder
blade that we went through,
so I'm just opening it up.
I'm coming around the bone like so.
I'll switch my grip
to whatever feels most comfortable
in order to get these bones out,
and then I want to go back over
and make sure that I'm not leaving
too much meat on those bones either,
although they will make great stock.
So that's good.
So now we've got a boneless picnic roast,
and now I need to kind of go over it
and make sure that there's no veins
or any glands in there.
So this can be either left as is
or trussed up like So
and we can either apply a dry roast
or a slow cook to it.
Shred it. We can get some nice
pull pork out of that as well to.